changelog for edge-21.7.4 (#6543)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-21.7.4

> This release continues to focus on dependency updates. It also adds proxy a

Reviewer: nit: Fine to keep this, but I think from now one we're always going to have quite a few dependency updates so it's probably not worth mentioning in every edge.

> This release continues to focus on dependency updates. It also adds proxy a
> change that add a new `l5d-proxy-error` information header to distinguish

Reviewer: nit: feels a little redundant to say it adds a change that added a further change

```suggestion
This release continues to focus on dependency updates. It also adds the
`l5d-proxy-error` information header to distinguish proxy generated errors
```

# Changes

## edge-21.7.4

This release continues to focus on dependency updates. It also adds proxy a
change that add a new `l5d-proxy-error` information header to distinguish
proxy generated errors from application generated errors. It also adds
support for proxies in gateway mode to now have `endpoints` as gateway targets.

* Updated several project dependencies

> * Added support for gateway proxies to use `endpoint` targets in addition to

Reviewer 2: let's omit this for now -- it's only user-facing when Matei's PR lands to support statefulsets
```suggestion
```

  using logical services
* Added a new `l5d-proxy-error` on responses that allows proxy-generated error
  responses to be distinguished from application-generated error responses.

> * Removed support for configuring `HTTP/2` keepalives via the proxy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removed support for configuring HTTP/2 keepalives via the proxy.
```
